feat: clarify deployment on GitLab and Pagure (#465)
packit/packit.dev: content/docs/packit-service.md

It is also possible to run tests against the freshly built rpms.
See the [Testing Farm]({{< ref "testing-farm" >}}) documentation for details.

## Supported git forges

### GitHub

> Majority of Packit users host their projects on GitHub, therefore we focus mainly on supporting the GitHub App. All of our workflows are supported and tested on GitHub and also we utilize majority of new GitHub features that can be used in GitHub Apps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The majority of Packit users host their projects on GitHub, therefore we focus mainly on supporting the GitHub App. All of our workflows are supported and tested on GitHub. We utilize majority of new GitHub features that can be used in GitHub Apps.
```
wording polish

#### How to set up Packit on GitLab

GitLab doesn't have an app functionality and we don't use the [Integrations](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/user/project/integrations/overview.html) as it doesn't solve authentication.
To enable Packit, you need to manually configure a webhook.

1. Go to `Settings → Webhooks` and add https://prod.packit.dev/api/webhooks/gitlab or https://stg.packit.dev/api/webhooks/gitlab as the `URL`.
2. Select `Push events`, `Comments`, `Issues events`, `Merge request events` and `Release events` as the `Triggers`.
   Do not provide `Secret token` yet and click `Add webhook`.
   You should see the created hook at the bottom of the page now.
3. Select `Test` and for example `Merge requests events`.
   At the top of the page appears a red `Hook executed successfully but returned HTTP 401 "X-Gitlab-Token not in request.headers"`.
4. Wait a bit and check `Issues` of the project and after a while there should be
   a new confidential `Packit-Service Authentication` issue with the instructions how to finish the setup.

> 

Reviewer 2: Would it be hard to add some screenshots?...;)

### Pagure

> We have a rudimentary support for the Pagure instances, since they are used in the propose-downstream workflow. Packit cannot be set up as a CI (in the same sense as on GitHub or GitLab) on Pagure instances, since the demand for this feature is not significant and also differences between GitHub/GitLab and Pagure are significant, which would result in many workarounds to be implemented, if possible at all.

Reviewer 2: What about linking the upstream issue?
https://github.com/packit/packit-service/issues/556

> We have a rudimentary support for the Pagure instances, since they are used in the propose-downstream workflow. Packit cannot be set up as a CI (in the same sense as on GitHub or GitLab) on Pagure instances, since the demand for this feature is not significant and also differences between GitHub/GitLab and Pagure are significant, which would result in many workarounds to be implemented, if possible at all.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have rudimentary support for the Pagure instances since they are used in the propose-downstream workflow. Packit cannot be set up as a CI (in the same sense as on GitHub or GitLab) on Pagure instances, since the demand for this feature is not significant. The differences between GitHub/GitLab and Pagure APIs are colossal, which would result in many workarounds to be implemented, if possible at all.
```
more wording (some suggested by Grammarly)
